And with that we are done with this course.
Making a server and a client communicate with each other, Isn't that hard.
But doing it correctly,
efficiently and securely is a much more complex task than it might seem.
We have covered a lot of topics in this course.
We've taken a look at the request and response cycle,
where the browser and the server get connected with each other.
Then we looked at HTTP's verbs,
headers, rest, and performance issues.
Lesson three was on HTTPS, TLS, and cryptography.
In the last lesson,
we looked at HTTP/2 and all the amazing benefits it brings to the web ecosystem.
In this lesson, we look at security precautions with the same origin policy,
way to get around that policy and then
some vulnerabilities like C serve and cross site scripting.
We covered a lot of techniques but
the important thing to keep in mind throughout all of this,
is keeping your users secure.
Thanks for joining us on this journey of clients over communication. We'll see you later.
Bye.